docs/building-operators: update `make` usage in quickstarts and tutorials, general alignment (#4665)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/building-operators/ansible/tutorial.md

type validation in Ansible on the variables to ensure that your
application is receiving expected input.

#### Configure the operator's image registry

All that remains is to build and push the operator image to the desired image registry, which _must_
exist remotely and [be accessible](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/login/) by the local command line environment.

Your Makefile composes image tags either from values written at project initialization or from the CLI.
In particular, `IMAGE_TAG_BASE` lets you define a common image registry, namespace, and partial name
for all your image tags. Update this to another registry and/or namespace if the current value is incorrect.
Afterwards you can update the `IMG` variable definition like so:

```diff
-IMG ?= controller:latest
+IMG ?= $(IMAGE_TAG_BASE):$(VERSION)
```

Once done, you do not have to set `IMG` or any other image variable in the CLI. The following command will

> build and push an operator image tagged as `example.com/memcached-operator:v0.0.1`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
build and push an operator image tagged as `<some-registry>/memcached-operator:v0.0.1`:
```

operator-sdk olm install
```

Bundle your operator, then build and push the bundle image. The `bundle` target generates a [bundle][doc-bundle]
in the `bundle` directory containing manifests and metadata defining your operator.
`bundle-build` and `bundle-push` build and push a bundle image defined by `bundle.Dockerfile`.

```sh
make bundle bundle-build bundle-push
```

Finally, run your bundle:

```sh

> operator-sdk run bundle example.com/memcached-operator-bundle:v0.0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operator-sdk run bundle <some-registry>/memcached-operator-bundle:v0.0.1
```
